创建MySQL数据库：
CREATE database MBDB CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_general_ci;

use MBDB;

数据库建表语句（共6个表）：
1）SysAdmin
CREATE table SysAdmin(
adminname Varchar(50),
password Varchar(50),
primary key (adminname));

2）CinAdmin
CREATE table CinAdmin(
adminname Varchar(50),
password Varchar(50),
cinemaID Integer,
primary key (adminname));

3）Cinema		
CREATE table Cinema(
cinemaID Integer,
cname Varchar(50),
caddr Varchar(50),
cphone Varchar(30),
imagesrc Varchar(60),
acapacity Integer,
bcapacity Integer,
primary key (cinemaID));

4）Movie
CREATE table Movie(
movie Varchar(50),
cinemaID Integer,
showtime DATETIME,
duration Integer,
screenshot Varchar(60),
intro Varchar(800),
trailer Varchar(60),
afare FLOAT,
bfare FLOAT,
primary key (movie, cinemaID));

5）MOrder
CREATE table MOrder(
orderID Varchar(50),
movie Varchar(50),
cinemaID Integer,
seatrank Varchar(8),
seatnum Varchar(20),
phone Varchar(30),
addr Varchar(50),
isFinished Integer,
cost Float,
tansactiontime DATETIME,
courier Varchar(50),
primary key (orderID),
FOREIGN KEY (movie) references MOVIE (movie),
FOREIGN KEY (cinemaID) references Cinema (cinemaID));

6）Courier
CREATE table Courier(
name Varchar(50),
password Varchar(50),
primary key (name));